Shell scripts can be used for all sorts of things, you can use them to manipulate text files, you
can control services and applications on your computer, you can even deploy your own software using
a shell script.
It can be difficult to start learning sometimes because if you've never used Linux before, it's a deep
learning curve.
But I designed this course so you can do a lot of hands on typing.
And then I broke those sections into small chunks.
So it's really easy to pick up and just do one at a time.
If you go through this entire course, you'll have 20 shell scripts and a template script that you can
use to create feature scripts.  Even if you're not familiar with programming Linux or the command line,
this course will be accessible to you because as long as you have a Mac, you can just follow along
with all the steps that I do and you'll learn things as you go.
So the first half of the course is pretty slow and intentionally that way.
So you can follow along and kind of get used to it and there'll be some repetition of things so you
can get a firm understanding of it.
And then the later part of the course you'll have some more advanced things.
So there's a little bit of something for everybody.